SNOW-2213728: Implement backend transfers (#3566)
snowflakedb/snowpark-python: CHANGELOG.md

- Reduced the number of UDFs/UDTFs created by repeated calls to `apply` or `map` with the same arguments on Snowpark pandas objects.
- Added an example for reading a file from a stage in the docstring for `pd.read_excel`.

> - Implemented custom data transfer logic between the Snowflake and Ray backends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented more efficient data transfer between the Snowflake and Ray backends of Modin (requires modin>=0.35.0 to use).
```
